Fix potentially privileged pull request medium query (#19085)
github/codeql: actions/ql/lib/change-notes/2025-03-20.md

---
category: fix
---

> * Fixed code injection medium query to alert about injections on `pull_request`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The query `actions/code-injection/medium` now produces alerts for injection
  vulnerabilities on `pull_request` events.
```
